last year's finalists Russia were led by
Maria Sharapova in Moscow
she faced off against debutantes Sylvia
Soler Espinosa it was a baptism of fire
for the Spaniard she struggled to cope
with the world number three's power and
range of shots from the baseline
Sharapova was never troubled and put in
a solid performance the victory was
wrapped up in just under an hour and a
half one love Russia
ever dependable svetlana kuznetsova
picked up where her compatriot left off
in rubber to she took the first set six
three and continued to pressurize carla
suárez navarro match point soon followed
the russians well-placed at the end of
the first day a commanding to love lead
day two and navarro was back in action
for the must-win third rubber nadia
petrova across the net the Spaniard
looked a totally different prospect and
bossed the game early on Navarro took
the first set without reply and marched
on to match point the victory a lifeline
for new Spanish captain the Rancho
sánchez vicario Spain was still in this
one
the experience of Kuznetsova called upon
again the world number 19 was in
sparkling form all weekend and picked up
where she left off the day before
another powerful forehand claimed the
first set the st. Petersburg native was
cruising at 4:1 up in the second but
then her game fell apart
the Spanish number two stormed back
despite Espinoza's resilience ultimately
Kuznetsova was too much for the Spanish
debutante
she wrapped off the tie and sealed
Russia's passage to the World Group
semi-finals